Oh yo what is going on guys it is your
boy optic scumpii bringing you another
awesome if this doesn't make something
happen in your pants I don't know what
will if you're a competitive player if
you're a pub player or a public match
player and you see this and you don't
know what competitive is this is pretty
tough to do this was all one of the best
starts I've had this is the best start
that I've had in all of call duty
ghosts' and was last night in our league
matches we ended up going to an O so
that's pretty exciting we started off
very very well in the league we have the
2k all day today which I will be
streaming link in the description
hopefully we can make it pretty far than
that and happy Easter to all of you guys
so I hope you guys enjoy your Easter a
lot of food with your families do
whatever you got to do and I hope you
guys enjoyed this video as well so I
will see you guys in the next video I'll
be posting another one today probably a
public match trihard video I know a lot
of people want to see that because I
haven't done one in a while so I'll try
to get that out for you guys but hope
you guys enjoy the video if you like
favorite comment subscribe follow me on
twitter I'll be down in the description
below and as always guys this was your
Barb's a simpie ah yo watch for an AR I
bet you Mitchell are enable runs an AR
yeah yeah they did one challenge a door
much now joy I'm telling you I won't
push Dwight train nothing challenge
right door that lumber lumber lumber
dead I'm still watching red he's back
red when we got in the fire later be
nominated be Don from back right I'm
gonna hop it I'm on it I'm zoning this
guy back see back there spawn back this
one yep
I'm pushing
I'm swung I'm in red I don't know yeah
we got to hold this I wanted to push the
three you guys you guys go another one
tell you just keep them off it rose oh
my god I'm 11 and oh dude I'm 11 or see
one more seat back seat back see dude
let's go just holding back down hold
them back there we are good right now oh
boy train dad he's fucking dad dude I'm
not gonna stuff em bro yo come back this
one just ran back where just went back
green one this remember